---
title: Creating a Windows PowerShell Navigation Provider | Microsoft Docs
ms.custom: ''
ms.date: 09/13/2016
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.suite: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.topic: article
helpviewer_keywords:
- navigation providers [PowerShell Programmer's Guide]
- providers [PowerShell Programmer's Guide], navigation provider
ms.assetid: 8bd3224d-ca6f-4640-9464-cb4d9f4e13b1
caps.latest.revision: 5
ms.openlocfilehash: f73e732ca9416b906b3647c5090dfa04ad940484
ms.sourcegitcommit: d43f66071f1f33b350d34fa1f46f3a35910c5d24
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/23/2019
ms.locfileid: "74416196"
---
# <a name="creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-102">创建 Windows PowerShell 导航提供程序</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-102">Creating a Windows PowerShell Navigation Provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-103">This topic describes how to create a Windows PowerShell navigation provider that can navigate the data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-103">This topic describes how to create a Windows PowerShell navigation provider that can navigate the data store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-104">This type of provider supports recursive commands, nested containers, and relative paths.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-104">This type of provider supports recursive commands, nested containers, and relative paths.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-105">You can download the C# source file (AccessDBSampleProvider05.cs) for this provider using the Microsoft Windows Software Development Kit for Windows Vista and .NET Framework 3.0 Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-105">You can download the C# source file (AccessDBSampleProvider05.cs) for this provider using the Microsoft Windows Software Development Kit for Windows Vista and .NET Framework 3.0 Runtime Components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-106">For download instructions, see [How to Install Windows PowerShell and Download the Windows PowerShell SDK](/powershell/scripting/developer/installing-the-windows-powershell-sdk).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-106">For download instructions, see [How to Install Windows PowerShell and Download the Windows PowerShell SDK](/powershell/scripting/developer/installing-the-windows-powershell-sdk).</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-107">The downloaded source files are available in the **\<PowerShell Samples>** directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-107">The downloaded source files are available in the **\<PowerShell Samples>** directory.</span></span>
>
> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-108">For more information about other Windows PowerShell provider implementations, see [Designing Your Windows PowerShell Provider](./designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-108">For more information about other Windows PowerShell provider implementations, see [Designing Your Windows PowerShell Provider](./designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-109">The provider described here enables the user handle an Access database as a drive so that the user can navigate to the data tables in the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-109">The provider described here enables the user handle an Access database as a drive so that the user can navigate to the data tables in the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-110">When creating your own navigation provider, you can implement methods that can make drive-qualified paths required for navigation, normalize relative paths, move items of the data store, as well as methods that get child names, get the parent path of an item, and test to identify if an item is a container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-110">When creating your own navigation provider, you can implement methods that can make drive-qualified paths required for navigation, normalize relative paths, move items of the data store, as well as methods that get child names, get the parent path of an item, and test to identify if an item is a container.</span></span>

> [!CAUTION]
> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-111">Be aware that this design assumes a database that has a field with the name ID, and that the type of the field is LongInteger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-111">Be aware that this design assumes a database that has a field with the name ID, and that the type of the field is LongInteger.</span></span>

## <a name="define-the-windows-powershell-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-112">Define the Windows PowerShell provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-112">Define the Windows PowerShell provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-113">A Windows PowerShell navigation provider must create a .NET class that derives from the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider) base class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-113">A Windows PowerShell navigation provider must create a .NET class that derives from the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider) base class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-114">Here is the class definition for the navigation provider described in this section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-114">Here is the class definition for the navigation provider described in this section.</span></span>

[!code-csharp[AccessDBProviderSample05.cs](../../../../powershell-sdk-samples/SDK-2.0/csharp/AccessDBProviderSample05/AccessDBProviderSample05.cs#L31-L32 "AccessDBProviderSample05.cs")]

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-115">Note that in this provider, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProviderAttribute) attribute includes two parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-115">Note that in this provider, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProviderAttribute) attribute includes two parameters.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-116">The first parameter specifies a user-friendly name for the provider that is used by Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-116">The first parameter specifies a user-friendly name for the provider that is used by Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-117">The second parameter specifies the Windows PowerShell specific capabilities that the provider exposes to the Windows PowerShell runtime during command processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-117">The second parameter specifies the Windows PowerShell specific capabilities that the provider exposes to the Windows PowerShell runtime during command processing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-118">For this provider, there are no Windows PowerShell specific capabilities that are added.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-118">For this provider, there are no Windows PowerShell specific capabilities that are added.</span></span>

## <a name="defining-base-functionality"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-119">Defining Base Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-119">Defining Base Functionality</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-120">As described in [Design Your PS Provider](./designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md), the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider) base class derives from several other classes that provided different provider functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-120">As described in [Design Your PS Provider](./designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md), the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider) base class derives from several other classes that provided different provider functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-121">A Windows PowerShell navigation provider, therefore, must define all of the functionality provided by those classes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-121">A Windows PowerShell navigation provider, therefore, must define all of the functionality provided by those classes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-122">To implement functionality for adding session-specific initialization information and for releasing resources that are used by the provider, see [Creating a Basic PS Provider](./creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-122">To implement functionality for adding session-specific initialization information and for releasing resources that are used by the provider, see [Creating a Basic PS Provider](./creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-123">However, most providers (including the provider described here) can use the default implementation of this functionality provided by Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-123">However, most providers (including the provider described here) can use the default implementation of this functionality provided by Windows PowerShell.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-124">To get access to the data store through a Windows PowerShell drive, you must implement the methods of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.DriveCmdletProvider) base class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-124">To get access to the data store through a Windows PowerShell drive, you must implement the methods of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.DriveCmdletProvider) base class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-125">For more information about implementing these methods, see [Creating a Windows PowerShell Drive Provider](./creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-125">For more information about implementing these methods, see [Creating a Windows PowerShell Drive Provider](./creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-126">To manipulate the items of a data store, such as getting, setting, and clearing items, the provider must implement the methods provided by the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ItemCmdletProvider) base class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-126">To manipulate the items of a data store, such as getting, setting, and clearing items, the provider must implement the methods provided by the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ItemCmdletProvider) base class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-127">For more information about implementing these methods, see [Creating an Windows PowerShell Item Provider](./creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-127">For more information about implementing these methods, see [Creating an Windows PowerShell Item Provider](./creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-128">To get to the child items, or their names, of the data store, as well as methods that create, copy, rename, and remove items, you must implement the methods provided by the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ContainerCmdletProvider) base class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-128">To get to the child items, or their names, of the data store, as well as methods that create, copy, rename, and remove items, you must implement the methods provided by the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ContainerCmdletProvider) base class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-129">For more information about implementing these methods, see [Creating a Windows PowerShell Container Provider](./creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-129">For more information about implementing these methods, see [Creating a Windows PowerShell Container Provider](./creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md).</span></span>

## <a name="creating-a-windows-powershell-path"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-130">Creating a Windows PowerShell Path</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-130">Creating a Windows PowerShell Path</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-131">Windows PowerShell navigation provider use a provider-internal Windows PowerShell path to navigate the items of the data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-131">Windows PowerShell navigation provider use a provider-internal Windows PowerShell path to navigate the items of the data store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-132">To create a provider-internal path the provider must implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method to supports calls from the Combine-Path cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-132">To create a provider-internal path the provider must implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method to supports calls from the Combine-Path cmdlet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-133">This method combines a parent and child path into a provider-internal path, using a provider-specific path separator between the parent and child paths.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-133">This method combines a parent and child path into a provider-internal path, using a provider-specific path separator between the parent and child paths.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-134">The default implementation takes paths with "/" or "\\" as the path separator, normalizes the path separator to "\\", combines the parent and child path parts with the separator between them, and then returns a string that contains the combined paths.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-134">The default implementation takes paths with "/" or "\\" as the path separator, normalizes the path separator to "\\", combines the parent and child path parts with the separator between them, and then returns a string that contains the combined paths.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-135">This navigation provider does not implement this method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-135">This navigation provider does not implement this method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-136">However, the following code is the default implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-136">However, the following code is the default implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method.</span></span>

<!-- TODO!!!: review snippet reference  [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermakepath](Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermakepath)]  -->

#### <a name="things-to-remember-about-implementing-makepath"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-137">Things to Remember About Implementing MakePath</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-137">Things to Remember About Implementing MakePath</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-138">The following conditions may apply to your implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-138">The following conditions may apply to your implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath):</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="880c4-139">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method should not validate the path as a legal fully-qualified path in the provider namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-139">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method should not validate the path as a legal fully-qualified path in the provider namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-140">Be aware that each parameter can only represent a part of a path, and the combined parts might not generate a fully-qualified path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-140">Be aware that each parameter can only represent a part of a path, and the combined parts might not generate a fully-qualified path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-141">For example, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method for the filesystem provider might receive "windows\system32" in the `parent` parameter and "abc.dll" in the `child` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-141">For example, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) method for the filesystem provider might receive "windows\system32" in the `parent` parameter and "abc.dll" in the `child` parameter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-142">The method joins these values with the "\\" separator and returns "windows\system32\abc.dll", which is not a fully-qualified file system path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-142">The method joins these values with the "\\" separator and returns "windows\system32\abc.dll", which is not a fully-qualified file system path.</span></span>

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > <span data-ttu-id="880c4-143">The path parts provided in the call to [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) might contain characters not allowed in the provider namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-143">The path parts provided in the call to [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MakePath) might contain characters not allowed in the provider namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-144">These characters are most likely used for wildcard expansion and the implementation of this method should not remove them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-144">These characters are most likely used for wildcard expansion and the implementation of this method should not remove them.</span></span>

## <a name="retrieving-the-parent-path"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-145">Retrieving the Parent Path</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-145">Retrieving the Parent Path</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-146">Windows PowerShell navigation providers implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getparentpath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetParentPath) method to retrieve the parent part of the indicated full or partial provider-specific path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-146">Windows PowerShell navigation providers implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getparentpath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetParentPath) method to retrieve the parent part of the indicated full or partial provider-specific path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-147">The method removes the child part of the path and returns the parent path part.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-147">The method removes the child part of the path and returns the parent path part.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-148">The `root` parameter specifies the fully-qualified path to the root of a drive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-148">The `root` parameter specifies the fully-qualified path to the root of a drive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-149">This parameter can be null or empty if a mounted drive is not in use for the retrieval operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-149">This parameter can be null or empty if a mounted drive is not in use for the retrieval operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-150">If a root is specified, the method must return a path to a container in the same tree as the root.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-150">If a root is specified, the method must return a path to a container in the same tree as the root.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-151">The sample navigation provider does not override this method, but uses the default implementation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-151">The sample navigation provider does not override this method, but uses the default implementation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-152">It accepts paths that use both "/" and "\\" as path separators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-152">It accepts paths that use both "/" and "\\" as path separators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-153">It first normalizes the path to have only "\\" separators, then splits the parent path off at the last "\\" and returns the parent path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-153">It first normalizes the path to have only "\\" separators, then splits the parent path off at the last "\\" and returns the parent path.</span></span>

<!-- TODO!!!: review snippet reference  [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetparentpath](Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetparentpath)]  -->

#### <a name="to-remember-about-implementing-getparentpath"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-154">To Remember About Implementing GetParentPath</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-154">To Remember About Implementing GetParentPath</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-155">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getparentpath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetParentPath) method should split the path lexically on the path separator for the provider namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-155">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getparentpath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetParentPath) method should split the path lexically on the path separator for the provider namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-156">For example, the filesystem provider uses this method to look for the last "\\" and returns everything to the left of the separator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-156">For example, the filesystem provider uses this method to look for the last "\\" and returns everything to the left of the separator.</span></span>

## <a name="retrieve-the-child-path-name"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-157">Retrieve the Child Path Name</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-157">Retrieve the Child Path Name</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-158">Your navigation provider implements the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getchildname\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetChildName) method to retrieve the name (leaf element) of the child of the item located at the indicated full or partial provider-specific path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-158">Your navigation provider implements the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getchildname\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetChildName) method to retrieve the name (leaf element) of the child of the item located at the indicated full or partial provider-specific path.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-159">The sample navigation provider does not override this method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-159">The sample navigation provider does not override this method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-160">The default implementation is shown below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-160">The default implementation is shown below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-161">It accepts paths that use both "/" and "\\" as path separators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-161">It accepts paths that use both "/" and "\\" as path separators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-162">It first normalizes the path to have only "\\" separators, then splits the parent path off at the last "\\" and returns the name of the child path part.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-162">It first normalizes the path to have only "\\" separators, then splits the parent path off at the last "\\" and returns the name of the child path part.</span></span>

<!-- TODO!!!: review snippet reference  [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchildname](Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchildname)]  -->

#### <a name="things-to-remember-about-implementing-getchildname"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-163">Things to Remember About Implementing GetChildName</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-163">Things to Remember About Implementing GetChildName</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-164">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getchildname\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetChildName) method should split the path lexically on the path separator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-164">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getchildname\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.GetChildName) method should split the path lexically on the path separator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-165">If the supplied path contains no path separators, the method should return the path unmodified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-165">If the supplied path contains no path separators, the method should return the path unmodified.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-166">The path provided in the call to this method might contain characters that are illegal in the provider namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-166">The path provided in the call to this method might contain characters that are illegal in the provider namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-167">These characters are most likely used for wildcard expansion or regular expression matching, and the implementation of this method should not remove them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-167">These characters are most likely used for wildcard expansion or regular expression matching, and the implementation of this method should not remove them.</span></span>

## <a name="determining-if-an-item-is-a-container"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-168">Determining if an Item is a Container</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-168">Determining if an Item is a Container</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-169">The navigation provider can implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.IsItemContainer) method to determine if the specified path indicates a container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-169">The navigation provider can implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.IsItemContainer) method to determine if the specified path indicates a container.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-170">It returns true if the path represents a container, and false otherwise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-170">It returns true if the path represents a container, and false otherwise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-171">The user needs this method to be able to use the `Test-Path` cmdlet for the supplied path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-171">The user needs this method to be able to use the `Test-Path` cmdlet for the supplied path.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-172">The following code shows the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.IsItemContainer) implementation in our sample navigation provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-172">The following code shows the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.IsItemContainer) implementation in our sample navigation provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-173">The method verifies that  the specified path is correct and if the table exists, and returns true if the path indicates a container.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-173">The method verifies that  the specified path is correct and if the table exists, and returns true if the path indicates a container.</span></span>

[!code-csharp[AccessDBProviderSample05.cs](../../../../powershell-sdk-samples/SDK-2.0/csharp/AccessDBProviderSample05/AccessDBProviderSample05.cs#L847-L872 "AccessDBProviderSample05.cs")]

#### <a name="things-to-remember-about-implementing-isitemcontainer"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-174">Things to Remember About Implementing IsItemContainer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-174">Things to Remember About Implementing IsItemContainer</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-175">Your navigation provider .NET class might declare provider capabilities of ExpandWildcards, Filter, Include, or Exclude, from the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ProviderCapabilities) enumeration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-175">Your navigation provider .NET class might declare provider capabilities of ExpandWildcards, Filter, Include, or Exclude, from the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ProviderCapabilities) enumeration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-176">In this case, the implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.IsItemContainer) needs to ensure that the path passed meets requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-176">In this case, the implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.IsItemContainer) needs to ensure that the path passed meets requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-177">To do this, the method should access the appropriate property, for example, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Exclude) property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-177">To do this, the method should access the appropriate property, for example, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Exclude) property.</span></span>

## <a name="moving-an-item"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-178">Moving an Item</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-178">Moving an Item</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-179">In support of the `Move-Item` cmdlet, your navigation provider implements the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-179">In support of the `Move-Item` cmdlet, your navigation provider implements the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-180">This method moves the item specified by the `path` parameter to the container at the path supplied in the `destination` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-180">This method moves the item specified by the `path` parameter to the container at the path supplied in the `destination` parameter.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-181">The sample navigation provider does not override the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-181">The sample navigation provider does not override the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-182">The following is the default implementation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-182">The following is the default implementation.</span></span>

<!-- TODO!!!: review snippet reference  [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitem)]  -->

#### <a name="things-to-remember-about-implementing-moveitem"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-183">Things to Remember About Implementing MoveItem</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-183">Things to Remember About Implementing MoveItem</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-184">Your navigation provider .NET class might declare provider capabilities of ExpandWildcards, Filter, Include, or Exclude, from the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ProviderCapabilities) enumeration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-184">Your navigation provider .NET class might declare provider capabilities of ExpandWildcards, Filter, Include, or Exclude, from the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.ProviderCapabilities) enumeration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-185">In this case, the implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) must ensure that the path passed meets requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-185">In this case, the implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) must ensure that the path passed meets requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-186">To do this, the method should access the appropriate property, for example, the **CmdletProvider.Exclude** property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-186">To do this, the method should access the appropriate property, for example, the **CmdletProvider.Exclude** property.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-187">By default, overrides of this method should not move objects over existing objects unless the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Force) property is set to `true`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-187">By default, overrides of this method should not move objects over existing objects unless the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Force) property is set to `true`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-188">For example, the filesystem provider will not copy c:\temp\abc.txt over an existing c:\bar.txt file unless the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Force) property is set to `true`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-188">For example, the filesystem provider will not copy c:\temp\abc.txt over an existing c:\bar.txt file unless the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Force) property is set to `true`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-189">If the path specified in the `destination` parameter exists and is a container, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Force) property is not required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-189">If the path specified in the `destination` parameter exists and is a container, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.Force) property is not required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-190">In this case, [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) should move the item indicated by the `path` parameter to the container indicated by the `destination` parameter as a child.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-190">In this case, [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) should move the item indicated by the `path` parameter to the container indicated by the `destination` parameter as a child.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-191">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method should call [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldProcess) and check its return value before making any changes to the data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-191">Your implementation of the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method should call [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldProcess) and check its return value before making any changes to the data store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-192">This method is used to confirm execution of an operation when a change is made to system state, for example, deleting files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-192">This method is used to confirm execution of an operation when a change is made to system state, for example, deleting files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-193">[System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldProcess) sends the name of the resource to be changed to the user, with the Windows PowerShell runtime taking into account any command line settings or preference variables in determining what should be displayed to the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-193">[System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldProcess) sends the name of the resource to be changed to the user, with the Windows PowerShell runtime taking into account any command line settings or preference variables in determining what should be displayed to the user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-194">After the call to [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldProcess) returns `true`, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method should call the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldContinue](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldContinue) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-194">After the call to [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldProcess) returns `true`, the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItem) method should call the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldContinue](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldContinue) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-195">This method sends a message to the user to allow feedback to say if the operation should be continued.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-195">This method sends a message to the user to allow feedback to say if the operation should be continued.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-196">Your provider should call [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldContinue](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldContinue) as an additional check for potentially dangerous system modifications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-196">Your provider should call [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldContinue](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.CmdletProvider.ShouldContinue) as an additional check for potentially dangerous system modifications.</span></span>

## <a name="attaching-dynamic-parameters-to-the-move-item-cmdlet"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-197">Attaching Dynamic Parameters to the Move-Item Cmdlet</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-197">Attaching Dynamic Parameters to the Move-Item Cmdlet</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-198">Sometimes the `Move-Item` cmdlet requires additional parameters that are provided dynamically at runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-198">Sometimes the `Move-Item` cmdlet requires additional parameters that are provided dynamically at runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-199">To provide these dynamic parameters, the navigation provider must implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitemdynamicparameters\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItemDynamicParameters) method to get the required parameter values from the item at the indicated path, and return an object that has properties and fields with parsing attributes similar to a cmdlet class or a [System.Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.RuntimeDefinedParameterDictionary) object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-199">To provide these dynamic parameters, the navigation provider must implement the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitemdynamicparameters\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItemDynamicParameters) method to get the required parameter values from the item at the indicated path, and return an object that has properties and fields with parsing attributes similar to a cmdlet class or a [System.Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.RuntimeDefinedParameterDictionary) object.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-200">This navigation provider does not implement this method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-200">This navigation provider does not implement this method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-201">However, the following code is the default implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitemdynamicparameters\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItemDynamicParameters).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-201">However, the following code is the default implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitemdynamicparameters\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.MoveItemDynamicParameters).</span></span>

<!-- TODO!!!: review snippet reference  [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitemdynamicparameters)]  -->

## <a name="normalizing-a-relative-path"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-202">Normalizing a Relative Path</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-202">Normalizing a Relative Path</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-203">Your navigation provider implements the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Normalizerelativepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.NormalizeRelativePath) method to normalize the fully-qualified path indicated in the `path` parameter as being relative to the path specified by the `basePath` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-203">Your navigation provider implements the [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Normalizerelativepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.NormalizeRelativePath) method to normalize the fully-qualified path indicated in the `path` parameter as being relative to the path specified by the `basePath` parameter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-204">The method returns a string representation of the normalized path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-204">The method returns a string representation of the normalized path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-205">It writes an error if the `path` parameter specifies a nonexistent path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-205">It writes an error if the `path` parameter specifies a nonexistent path.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-206">The sample navigation provider does not override this method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-206">The sample navigation provider does not override this method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-207">The following is the default implementation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-207">The following is the default implementation.</span></span>

<!-- TODO!!!: review snippet reference  [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernormalizepath](Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernormalizepath)]  -->

#### <a name="things-to-remember-about-implementing-normalizerelativepath"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-208">Things to Remember About Implementing NormalizeRelativePath</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-208">Things to Remember About Implementing NormalizeRelativePath</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-209">Your implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Normalizerelativepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.NormalizeRelativePath) should parse the `path` parameter, but it does not have to use purely syntactical parsing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-209">Your implementation of [System.Management.Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Normalizerelativepath\*](/dotnet/api/System.Management.Automation.Provider.NavigationCmdletProvider.NormalizeRelativePath) should parse the `path` parameter, but it does not have to use purely syntactical parsing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-210">You are encouraged to design this method to use the path to look up the path information in the data store and create a path that matches the casing and standardized path syntax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-210">You are encouraged to design this method to use the path to look up the path information in the data store and create a path that matches the casing and standardized path syntax.</span></span>

## <a name="code-sample"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-211">Code Sample</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-211">Code Sample</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-212">For complete sample code, see [AccessDbProviderSample05 Code Sample](./accessdbprovidersample05-code-sample.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-212">For complete sample code, see [AccessDbProviderSample05 Code Sample](./accessdbprovidersample05-code-sample.md).</span></span>

## <a name="defining-object-types-and-formatting"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-213">Defining Object Types and Formatting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-213">Defining Object Types and Formatting</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-214">It is possible for a provider to add members to existing objects or define new objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-214">It is possible for a provider to add members to existing objects or define new objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-215">For more information, see[Extending Object Types and Formatting](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/da976d91-a3d6-44e8-affa-466b1e2bd351).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-215">For more information, see[Extending Object Types and Formatting](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/da976d91-a3d6-44e8-affa-466b1e2bd351).</span></span>

## <a name="building-the-windows-powershell-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-216">Building the Windows PowerShell provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-216">Building the Windows PowerShell provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-217">For more information, see [How to Register Cmdlets, Providers, and Host Applications](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/a41e9054-29c8-40ab-bf2b-8ce4e7ec1c8c).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-217">For more information, see [How to Register Cmdlets, Providers, and Host Applications](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/a41e9054-29c8-40ab-bf2b-8ce4e7ec1c8c).</span></span>

## <a name="testing-the-windows-powershell-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-218">Testing the Windows PowerShell provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-218">Testing the Windows PowerShell provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="880c4-219">When your Windows PowerShell provider has been registered with Windows PowerShell, you can test it by running the supported cmdlets on the command line, including cmdlets made available by derivation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-219">When your Windows PowerShell provider has been registered with Windows PowerShell, you can test it by running the supported cmdlets on the command line, including cmdlets made available by derivation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-220">This example will test the sample navigation provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-220">This example will test the sample navigation provider.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-221">Run your new shell and use the `Set-Location` cmdlet to set the path to indicate the Access database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-221">Run your new shell and use the `Set-Location` cmdlet to set the path to indicate the Access database.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   Set-Location mydb:
   ```

2. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-222">Now run the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to retrieve a list of the database items, which are the available database tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-222">Now run the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to retrieve a list of the database items, which are the available database tables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-223">For each table, this cmdlet also retrieves the number of table rows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-223">For each table, this cmdlet also retrieves the number of table rows.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   Get-ChildItem | Format-Table rowcount,name -AutoSize
   ```

   ```output
   RowCount   Name
   --------   ----
        180   MSysAccessObjects
          0   MSysACEs
          1   MSysCmdbars
          0   MSysIMEXColumns
          0   MSysIMEXSpecs
          0   MSysObjects
          0   MSysQueries
          7   MSysRelationships
          8   Categories
         91   Customers
          9   Employees
       2155   Order Details
        830   Orders
         77   Products
          3   Shippers
         29   Suppliers
   ```

3. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-224">Use the `Set-Location` cmdlet again to set the location of the Employees data table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-224">Use the `Set-Location` cmdlet again to set the location of the Employees data table.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   Set-Location Employees
   ```

4. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-225">Let's now use the `Get-Location` cmdlet to retrieve the path to the Employees table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-225">Let's now use the `Get-Location` cmdlet to retrieve the path to the Employees table.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   Get-Location
   ```

   ```output
   Path
   ----
   mydb:\Employees
   ```

5. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-226">Now use the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet piped to the `Format-Table` cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-226">Now use the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet piped to the `Format-Table` cmdlet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-227">This set of cmdlets retrieves the items for the Employees data table, which are the table rows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-227">This set of cmdlets retrieves the items for the Employees data table, which are the table rows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="880c4-228">They are formatted as specified by the `Format-Table` cmdlet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-228">They are formatted as specified by the `Format-Table` cmdlet.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   Get-ChildItem | Format-Table rownumber,psiscontainer,data -AutoSize
   ```

   ```output
   RowNumber   PSIsContainer   Data
   ---------   --------------   ----
   0           False            System.Data.DataRow
   1           False            System.Data.DataRow
   2           False            System.Data.DataRow
   3           False            System.Data.DataRow
   4           False            System.Data.DataRow
   5           False            System.Data.DataRow
   6           False            System.Data.DataRow
   7           False            System.Data.DataRow
   8           False            System.Data.DataRow
   ```

6. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-229">You can now run the `Get-Item` cmdlet to retrieve the items for row 0 of the Employees data table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-229">You can now run the `Get-Item` cmdlet to retrieve the items for row 0 of the Employees data table.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   Get-Item 0
   ```

   ```output
   PSPath        : AccessDB::C:\PS\Northwind.mdb\Employees\0
   PSParentPath  : AccessDB::C:\PS\Northwind.mdb\Employees
   PSChildName   : 0
   PSDrive       : mydb
   PSProvider    : System.Management.Automation.ProviderInfo
   PSIsContainer : False
   Data           : System.Data.DataRow
   RowNumber      : 0
   ```

7. <span data-ttu-id="880c4-230">Use the `Get-Item` cmdlet again to retrieve the employee data for the items in row 0.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-230">Use the `Get-Item` cmdlet again to retrieve the employee data for the items in row 0.</span></span>

   ```powershell
   (Get-Item 0).data
   ```

   ```output
   EmployeeID      : 1
   LastName        : Davis
   FirstName       : Sara
   Title           : Sales Representative
   TitleOfCourtesy : Ms.
   BirthDate       : 12/8/1968 12:00:00 AM
   HireDate        : 5/1/1992 12:00:00 AM
   Address         : 4567 Main Street
                     Apt. 2A
   City            : Buffalo
   Region          : NY
   PostalCode      : 98052
   Country         : USA
   HomePhone       : (206) 555-9857
   Extension       : 5467
   Photo           : EmpID1.bmp
   Notes           : Education includes a BA in psychology from
                     Colorado State University. She also completed "The
                     Art of the Cold Call."  Nancy is a member of
                     Toastmasters International.
   ReportsTo       : 2
   ```

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="880c4-231">另请参阅</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-231">See Also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-232">Creating Windows PowerShell providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-232">Creating Windows PowerShell providers</span></span>](./how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-provider.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-233">Design Your Windows PowerShell provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-233">Design Your Windows PowerShell provider</span></span>](./designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-234">Extending Object Types and Formatting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-234">Extending Object Types and Formatting</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/da976d91-a3d6-44e8-affa-466b1e2bd351)

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-235">Implement a Container Windows PowerShell provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-235">Implement a Container Windows PowerShell provider</span></span>](./creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-236">How to Register Cmdlets, Providers, and Host Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-236">How to Register Cmdlets, Providers, and Host Applications</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/a41e9054-29c8-40ab-bf2b-8ce4e7ec1c8c)

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-237">Windows PowerShell Programmer's Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-237">Windows PowerShell Programmer's Guide</span></span>](./windows-powershell-programmer-s-guide.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="880c4-238">Windows PowerShell SDK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="880c4-238">Windows PowerShell SDK</span></span>](../windows-powershell-reference.md)
