---
title: Windows PowerShell Programmer&#39;s Guide | Microsoft Docs
ms.custom: ''
ms.date: 09/13/2016
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.suite: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.topic: article
helpviewer_keywords:
- Windows PowerShell Programmer's Guide
ms.assetid: f3aaf667-af84-4ea8-a5ad-d454d0d700b8
caps.latest.revision: 9
ms.openlocfilehash: f8cbaf464345b8f2b693e72f3dbe781a47605b28
ms.sourcegitcommit: d43f66071f1f33b350d34fa1f46f3a35910c5d24
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 11/23/2019
ms.locfileid: "74417772"
---
# <a name="windows-powershell-programmer39s-guide"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-102">Windows PowerShell Programmer&#39;s Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-102">Windows PowerShell Programmer&#39;s Guide</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-103">This programmer's guide is targeted at developers who are interested in providing a command-line management environment for system administrators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-103">This programmer's guide is targeted at developers who are interested in providing a command-line management environment for system administrators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-104">Windows PowerShell provides a simple way for you to build management commands that expose .NET objects, while allowing Windows PowerShell to do most of the work for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-104">Windows PowerShell provides a simple way for you to build management commands that expose .NET objects, while allowing Windows PowerShell to do most of the work for you.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-105">In traditional command development, you are required to write a parameter parser, a parameter binder, filters, and all other functionality exposed by each command.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-105">In traditional command development, you are required to write a parameter parser, a parameter binder, filters, and all other functionality exposed by each command.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-106">Windows PowerShell provides the following to make it easy for you to write commands:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-106">Windows PowerShell provides the following to make it easy for you to write commands:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-107">A powerful Windows PowerShell runtime (execution engine) with its own parser and a mechanism for automatically binding command parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-107">A powerful Windows PowerShell runtime (execution engine) with its own parser and a mechanism for automatically binding command parameters.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-108">Utilities for formatting and displaying command results using a command line interpreter (CLI).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-108">Utilities for formatting and displaying command results using a command line interpreter (CLI).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-109">Support for high levels of functionality  (through Windows PowerShell providers) that make it easy to access stored data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-109">Support for high levels of functionality  (through Windows PowerShell providers) that make it easy to access stored data.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-110">At little cost, you can represent a .NET object by a rich command or set of commands that will offer a complete command-line experience to the administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-110">At little cost, you can represent a .NET object by a rich command or set of commands that will offer a complete command-line experience to the administrator.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-111">The next section covers the key Windows PowerShell concepts and terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-111">The next section covers the key Windows PowerShell concepts and terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-112">Familiarize yourself with these concepts and terms before starting development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-112">Familiarize yourself with these concepts and terms before starting development.</span></span>

## <a name="about-windows-powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-113">关于 Windows PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-113">About Windows PowerShell</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-114">Windows PowerShell defines several types of commands that you can use in development.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-114">Windows PowerShell defines several types of commands that you can use in development.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-115">These commands include: functions, filters, scripts, aliases, and executables (applications).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-115">These commands include: functions, filters, scripts, aliases, and executables (applications).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-116">The main command type discussed in this guide is a simple, small command called a "cmdlet".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-116">The main command type discussed in this guide is a simple, small command called a "cmdlet".</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-117">Windows PowerShell furnishes a set of cmdlets and fully supports cmdlet customization to suit your environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-117">Windows PowerShell furnishes a set of cmdlets and fully supports cmdlet customization to suit your environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-118">The Windows PowerShell runtime processes all command types just as it does cmdlets, using pipelines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-118">The Windows PowerShell runtime processes all command types just as it does cmdlets, using pipelines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-119">In addition to commands, Windows PowerShell supports various customizable Windows PowerShell providers that make available specific sets of cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-119">In addition to commands, Windows PowerShell supports various customizable Windows PowerShell providers that make available specific sets of cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-120">The shell operates within the Windows PowerShell-provided host application (Windows PowerShell.exe), but it is equally accessible from a custom host application that you can develop to meet specific requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-120">The shell operates within the Windows PowerShell-provided host application (Windows PowerShell.exe), but it is equally accessible from a custom host application that you can develop to meet specific requirements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-121">For more information, see [How Windows PowerShell Works](/previous-versions//ms714658(v=vs.85)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-121">For more information, see [How Windows PowerShell Works](/previous-versions//ms714658(v=vs.85)).</span></span>

### <a name="windows-powershell-cmdlets"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-122">Windows PowerShell Cmdlets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-122">Windows PowerShell Cmdlets</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-123">A cmdlet is a lightweight command that is used in the Windows PowerShell environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-123">A cmdlet is a lightweight command that is used in the Windows PowerShell environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-124">The Windows PowerShell runtime invokes these cmdlets within the context of automation scripts that are provided at the command line, and the Windows PowerShell runtime also invokes them programmatically through Windows PowerShell APIs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-124">The Windows PowerShell runtime invokes these cmdlets within the context of automation scripts that are provided at the command line, and the Windows PowerShell runtime also invokes them programmatically through Windows PowerShell APIs.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-125">For more information about cmdlets, see [Writing a Windows PowerShell Cmdlet](../cmdlet/writing-a-windows-powershell-cmdlet.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-125">For more information about cmdlets, see [Writing a Windows PowerShell Cmdlet](../cmdlet/writing-a-windows-powershell-cmdlet.md).</span></span>

### <a name="windows-powershell-providers"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-126">Windows PowerShell Providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-126">Windows PowerShell Providers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-127">In performing administrative tasks, the user may need to examine data stored in a data store (for example, the file system, the Windows Registry, or a certificate store).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-127">In performing administrative tasks, the user may need to examine data stored in a data store (for example, the file system, the Windows Registry, or a certificate store).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-128">To make these operations easier, Windows PowerShell defines a module called a Windows PowerShell provider that can be used to access a specific data store, such as the Windows Registry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-128">To make these operations easier, Windows PowerShell defines a module called a Windows PowerShell provider that can be used to access a specific data store, such as the Windows Registry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-129">Each provider supports a set of related cmdlets to give the user a symmetrical view of the data in the store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-129">Each provider supports a set of related cmdlets to give the user a symmetrical view of the data in the store.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-130">Windows PowerShell provides several default Windows PowerShell providers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-130">Windows PowerShell provides several default Windows PowerShell providers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-131">For example, the Registry provider supports navigation and manipulation of the Windows Registry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-131">For example, the Registry provider supports navigation and manipulation of the Windows Registry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-132">Registry keys are represented as items, and registry values are treated as properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-132">Registry keys are represented as items, and registry values are treated as properties.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-133">If you expose a data store that the user will need to access, you might need to write your own Windows PowerShell provider, as described in [Creating Windows PowerShell Providers](./how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-provider.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-133">If you expose a data store that the user will need to access, you might need to write your own Windows PowerShell provider, as described in [Creating Windows PowerShell Providers](./how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-provider.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-134">For more information aboutWindows PowerShell providers, see [How Windows PowerShell Works](/previous-versions//ms714658(v=vs.85)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-134">For more information aboutWindows PowerShell providers, see [How Windows PowerShell Works](/previous-versions//ms714658(v=vs.85)).</span></span>

### <a name="host-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-135">Host Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-135">Host Application</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-136">Windows PowerShell includes the default host application powershell.exe, which is a console application that interacts with the user and hosts the Windows PowerShell runtime using a console window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-136">Windows PowerShell includes the default host application powershell.exe, which is a console application that interacts with the user and hosts the Windows PowerShell runtime using a console window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-137">Only rarely will you need to write your own host application for Windows PowerShell, although customization is supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-137">Only rarely will you need to write your own host application for Windows PowerShell, although customization is supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-138">One case in which you might need your own application is when you have a requirement for a GUI interface that is richer than the interface provided by the default host application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-138">One case in which you might need your own application is when you have a requirement for a GUI interface that is richer than the interface provided by the default host application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-139">You might also want a custom application when you are basing your GUI on the command line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-139">You might also want a custom application when you are basing your GUI on the command line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-140">For more information, see [How to Create a Windows PowerShell Host Application](/powershell/scripting/developer/hosting/writing-a-windows-powershell-host-application).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-140">For more information, see [How to Create a Windows PowerShell Host Application](/powershell/scripting/developer/hosting/writing-a-windows-powershell-host-application).</span></span>

### <a name="windows-powershell-runtime"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-141">Windows PowerShell Runtime</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-141">Windows PowerShell Runtime</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-142">The Windows PowerShell runtime is the execution engine that implements command processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-142">The Windows PowerShell runtime is the execution engine that implements command processing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-143">It includes the classes that provide the interface between the host application and Windows PowerShell commands and providers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-143">It includes the classes that provide the interface between the host application and Windows PowerShell commands and providers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-144">The Windows PowerShell runtime is implemented as a runspace object for the current Windows PowerShell session, which is the operational environment in which the shell and the commands execute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-144">The Windows PowerShell runtime is implemented as a runspace object for the current Windows PowerShell session, which is the operational environment in which the shell and the commands execute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-145">For operational details, see [How Windows PowerShell Works](/previous-versions//ms714658(v=vs.85)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-145">For operational details, see [How Windows PowerShell Works](/previous-versions//ms714658(v=vs.85)).</span></span>

### <a name="windows-powershell-language"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-146">Windows PowerShell Language</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-146">Windows PowerShell Language</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-147">The Windows PowerShell language provides scripting functions and mechanisms to invoke commands.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-147">The Windows PowerShell language provides scripting functions and mechanisms to invoke commands.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-148">For complete scripting information, see the Windows PowerShell Language Reference shipped with Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-148">For complete scripting information, see the Windows PowerShell Language Reference shipped with Windows PowerShell.</span></span>

### <a name="extended-type-system-ets"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-149">Extended Type System (ETS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-149">Extended Type System (ETS)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-150">Windows PowerShell provides access to a variety of different objects, such as .NET and XML objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-150">Windows PowerShell provides access to a variety of different objects, such as .NET and XML objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-151">As a consequence, to present a common abstraction for all object types the shell uses its extended type system (ETS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-151">As a consequence, to present a common abstraction for all object types the shell uses its extended type system (ETS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-152">Most ETS functionality is transparent to the user, but the script or .NET developer uses it for the following purposes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-152">Most ETS functionality is transparent to the user, but the script or .NET developer uses it for the following purposes:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-153">Viewing a subset of the members of specific objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-153">Viewing a subset of the members of specific objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-154">Windows PowerShell provides an "adapted" view of several specific object types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-154">Windows PowerShell provides an "adapted" view of several specific object types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-155">Adding members to existing objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-155">Adding members to existing objects.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-156">Access to serialized objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-156">Access to serialized objects.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-157">Writing customized objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-157">Writing customized objects.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-158">Using ETS, you can create flexible new "types" that are compatible with the Windows PowerShell language.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-158">Using ETS, you can create flexible new "types" that are compatible with the Windows PowerShell language.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-159">If you are a .NET developer, you are able to work with objects using the same semantics as the Windows PowerShell language applies to scripting, for example, to determine if an object evaluates to `true`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-159">If you are a .NET developer, you are able to work with objects using the same semantics as the Windows PowerShell language applies to scripting, for example, to determine if an object evaluates to `true`.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-160">For more information about ETS and how Windows PowerShell uses objects, see [Windows PowerShell Object Concepts](/powershell/scripting/learn/understanding-important-powershell-concepts?view=powershell-6).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-160">For more information about ETS and how Windows PowerShell uses objects, see [Windows PowerShell Object Concepts](/powershell/scripting/learn/understanding-important-powershell-concepts?view=powershell-6).</span></span>

## <a name="programming-for-windows-powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-161">Programming for Windows PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-161">Programming for Windows PowerShell</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-162">Windows PowerShell defines its code for commands, providers, and other program modules using the .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-162">Windows PowerShell defines its code for commands, providers, and other program modules using the .NET Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-163">You are not confined to the use of Microsoft Visual Studio in creating customized modules for Windows PowerShell, although the samples provided in this guide are known to run in this tool.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-163">You are not confined to the use of Microsoft Visual Studio in creating customized modules for Windows PowerShell, although the samples provided in this guide are known to run in this tool.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-164">You can use any .NET language that supports class inheritance and the use of attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-164">You can use any .NET language that supports class inheritance and the use of attributes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-165">In some cases, Windows PowerShell APIs require the programming language to be able to access generic types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-165">In some cases, Windows PowerShell APIs require the programming language to be able to access generic types.</span></span>

## <a name="programmers-reference"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-166">Programmer's Reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-166">Programmer's Reference</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-167">For reference when developing for Windows PowerShell, see the [Windows PowerShell SDK](../windows-powershell-reference.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-167">For reference when developing for Windows PowerShell, see the [Windows PowerShell SDK](../windows-powershell-reference.md).</span></span>

## <a name="getting-started-using-windows-powershell"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-168">Getting Started Using Windows PowerShell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-168">Getting Started Using Windows PowerShell</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-169">For more information about starting to use the Windows PowerShell shell, see the [Getting Started with Windows PowerShell](/powershell/scripting/getting-started/getting-started-with-windows-powershell) shipped with Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-169">For more information about starting to use the Windows PowerShell shell, see the [Getting Started with Windows PowerShell](/powershell/scripting/getting-started/getting-started-with-windows-powershell) shipped with Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9e28e-170">A Quick Reference tri-fold document is also supplied as a primer for cmdlet use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-170">A Quick Reference tri-fold document is also supplied as a primer for cmdlet use.</span></span>

## <a name="contents-of-this-guide"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-171">Contents of This Guide</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-171">Contents of This Guide</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-172">主题</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-172">Topic</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-173">定义</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-173">Definition</span></span>|
|-----------|----------------|
|[<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-174">How to Create a Windows PowerShell Provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-174">How to Create a Windows PowerShell Provider</span></span>](./how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-provider.md)|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-175">This section describes how to build a Windows PowerShell provider for Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-175">This section describes how to build a Windows PowerShell provider for Windows PowerShell.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-176">How to Create a Windows PowerShell Host Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-176">How to Create a Windows PowerShell Host Application</span></span>](/powershell/scripting/developer/hosting/writing-a-windows-powershell-host-application)|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-177">This section describes how to write a host application that manipulates a runspace and how to write a host application that implements its own custom host.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-177">This section describes how to write a host application that manipulates a runspace and how to write a host application that implements its own custom host.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-178">How to Create a Windows PowerShell Snap-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-178">How to Create a Windows PowerShell Snap-in</span></span>](../cmdlet/how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-snap-in.md)|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-179">This section describes how to create a snap-in that is used to register all cmdlets and providers in an assembly and how to create a custom snap-in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-179">This section describes how to create a snap-in that is used to register all cmdlets and providers in an assembly and how to create a custom snap-in.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-180">How to Create a Console Shell</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-180">How to Create a Console Shell</span></span>](./how-to-create-a-console-shell.md)|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-181">This section describes how to create a console shell that is not extensible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-181">This section describes how to create a console shell that is not extensible.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-182">Windows PowerShell Concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-182">Windows PowerShell Concepts</span></span>](./windows-powershell-concepts.md)|<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-183">This section contains conceptual information that will help you understand Windows PowerShell from the viewpoint of a developer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-183">This section contains conceptual information that will help you understand Windows PowerShell from the viewpoint of a developer.</span></span>|

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="9e28e-184">另请参阅</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-184">See Also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="9e28e-185">Windows PowerShell SDK</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9e28e-185">Windows PowerShell SDK</span></span>](../windows-powershell-reference.md)
